MySQL Developer Bundle for Windows

INSTALLING

Open the downloaded zip bundle by double clicking it in Windows
Explorer. This opens a directory containing zip files for the included
MySQL products.

Before proceeding to install, we generally recommend referring to
detailed installation and configuration instructions for each product,
available from https://dev.mysql.com/doc/

INCLUDED PRODUCTS

mysql-commercial: The MySQL Server software delivers a very fast,
multi-threaded, multi-user, and robust SQL (Structured Query Language)
database server. This package includes the MySQL server binary as well
as related utilities to run and administer a MySQL server.

mysql-commercial-backup: MySQL Enterprise Backup provides DBAs with a
high-performance, online “hot” backup solution with data compression
technology to ensure your data is protected in case of downtime or an
outage.

mysql-connector-c++-commercial: A C++ interface for communicating with
MySQL servers. The Connector/C++ X DevAPI can also be used by C
applications.

mysql-connector-j-commercial: MySQL Connector/J is the official JDBC
driver for MySQL. MySQL provides connectivity for client applications
developed in the Java programming language with MySQL Connector/J, a
driver that implements the Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) API.

mysql-connector-net-commercial: Connector/NET is a fully-managed ADO.NET
driver for MySQL.

mysql-connector-odbc-commercial: Connector/ODBC is a standardized
database driver for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and Unix platforms.
mysql-connector-odbc driver comes in 2 flavours - ANSI and Unicode.

mysql-connector-python-commercial: MySQL Connector/Python enables Python
programs to access MySQL databases, using an API that is compliant with
the Python DB API version 2.0. It is written in pure Python and does not
have any dependencies except for the Python Standard Library. This is
the Python 3 version of the driver.

mysql-router-commercial: MySQL Router is lightweight middleware that
provides transparent routing between your application and any backend
MySQL Servers. It can be used for a wide variety of use cases, such as
providing high availability and scalability by effectively routing
database traffic to appropriate backend MySQL Servers.

mysql-shell-commercial: The MySQL Shell is an interactive Javascript,
Python, or SQL interface supporting development and administration for
the MySQL Server and is a component of the MySQL Server. Users can use
the MySQL Shell to perform data queries and updates as well as various
administration operations.


